[34.0.0] Update release notes (#10983)
bytecodealliance/wasmtime: RELEASES.md

* The `wasmtime wast` command now has a `--generate-dwarf` flag to show
  filename/line number information for backtraces.
  [#10780](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/pull/10780)

### Changed

* The shape of `bindgen!`-generated `add_to_linker` functions has changed with
  the removal of `GetHost` and replacement of a `HasData` trait. For more
  information see the associated PR.
  [#10770](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/pull/10770)

* Wasmtime's `Store<T>` now requires that `T: 'static`. This is done in
  preparation for merging WASIp3 work to the main repository with some more
  information on the associated PR.
  [#10760](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/pull/10760)

* The `wasmtime::component::Instance::instance_pre` method is now public.
  [#10761](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/pull/10761)

* Wasmtime and Cranelift's minimnum supported version of Rust (MSRV) is now
  1.85.0.
  [#10785](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/pull/10785)

* Cranelift's `debugtrap` on aarch64 now generates `brk #0xf000` for debuggers
  to recognize it.
  [#10813](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/pull/10813)

> * The wasi-http implementation no longer generates a trap if the handle to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The wasi-http implementation responds with a 500 server error if the handle to
```

Author: Oh I believe that this is the other way around, where for the embedder API if the channel to receive the response is dropped then previously `response-outparam.set` would generate a trap but now it just ignores the error. So this is more of a guest-side change than a host-side change  (e.g. as it relates to `wasmtime serve`)
